it's got to do this once a stream I
suppose
I don't know why I got to OBS is going
to do this once a once a
stream it's quite
annoying wait for everyone to get back
really
quickly let's play the funny one while
we're at it
[Music]
[Applause]
he
[Music]
[Applause]
he
[Music]
sometimes you all be forgetting
this no bad it's
fine sometimes you'll be forgetting this
[__] I feel like I'm not going to play
for too much longer CU I probably should
start getting ready for B sh
but oh well
what' you tell him not much I told him I
was an
intellectual come down here from Oregon
looking for a job at the University of
course they didn't believe
me seems you stirred up quite a hornet's
nest in Blackwater so I keep hearing it
might be best if I stay with you
gentlemen for a while can't go back to
that Caravan now all right Charles you
take only back to Camp I'll catch up
with you
okay there always seems to be more more
and more
civilization I want to get back in the
open country of the west or what's left
of it
but even that ain't the way I remember
it
I have
$554 and that's a stranger
your beard won't grow any longer unless
you use
tonic has this beard been getting
longer I thought I was always enormous
oh there's
multiple
whoa where are they
morning to you good morning to
you Raiders fought tooth and nail for
this territory and here's you just
strolling
through you okay there mister you need
me to move move am I sitting in the
wrong place excuse me I didn't mean any
offense sir please I don't get your
meaning I'm very sorry sir you have
yourself a fine day and I apologize for
any offense I have inadvertent the Cs
what are you drinking Mister nothing sir
nothing at all why are you acting so
strange I don't mean to I'm sorry for
any offense how could you have offended
me I have no idea but I had no idea how
I offended the last fellas and they
stole my wagon on account of my
impedence Stole Your Wagon for back
check they didn't like my medical
practice I
suppose I was helping folk and that
wasn't popular I was undercutting a
competition or I was too colored or I
was irritating in nature or I was some
knit all big city slicker here to demean
some good old boys of my fine words the
exact variety of my S was the source of
some conjecture so they undercut me that
ain't very nice that was my impression
still compared to the guton castration
defenestration and crucifixion they
offered me I felt I got off lightly
imaginative Bunch yes but no great love
of my medical practice too free with my
wisdom and
services which way they go down the road
that away stay here I'm sort of forced
to please don't go to any trouble on my
account
mhm come on horse you looking for that
Fell's wagon I heard him say they was
taking it to Mom's in okay
thanks Oh wrong
way okay
[Music]
this is probably the yeah this is
probably the only Rockstar game I'm ever
going to finish
yeah they just did such a good job with
it
all right now we're out of the city
limits we can
uh let's put that on and let's put the
uh yeah this look nice
[Music]
like I never get bored of just going
from one one place to another the
environments are so rich the horse
riding is so
intuitive well I didn't feel like it at
first though but I understand how it
works now
[Music]
hey there
Mis does the horse go
automatically
no it's not this one
how you doing
boy really I had no
idea hold up
horse follow path red
to
PlayStation ah that doesn't
matter oh it is just whole X huh better
find another way around
didn't you hear me get out of
here got the
[Music]
way we dropped you for good quick scope
quick scope quick scope quick
[Music]
scope oh that's fire
ah
[Music]
[__] you going to
die okay maybe don't [__]
around didn't you grave already
[Music]
don't let him get the
way
okay the quick cup era of 1900 yeah
let's let's try that again without
[__] around this time
wait where's the damn
wagon you ain't going to see another
[Music]
day I forgot you're to use a sniper
rifle for its intended purpose
[Music]
sniping
U you better not disappoint
me I
won't
[Music]
[__] if you done boys I'll
go give me the
money give me your wedding ring
we've been here
before they're always causing trouble
here
okay come on get you back to the
do yep
coach incoming Focus your back oh come
on
just leave it alone won't you what the
hell you want with this
tank all of you [__]
yeah I'm holding X and in this
particular case it's not doing it for
me probably because of the mission
specific stuff
every time
I'm going to crash I'm going to crash
I'm going to crash crash crash crash
crash never
mind that would be funny
though oh
uh you know this F don't you oh my
look who it is I did not count on seeing
that wagon again no you for that matter
only people you won't be seeing are the
folks who took it I take it they aren't
the only ignorant bullying Cloud hoppers
in these parts but I can live in
glorious hope now it wasn't a trouble
now was it no it was a pleasure well let
me give you something for your pleasure
ah what we got here ah how about this
provide a man of tincture he'll be well
for a day teaching to make one he might
be well a while longer I'll make sure to
try and make this thank you thank you it
won't work for anything chronic but you
may not need it to well if you see me on
my travels and you're in need of
something make sure you come and say
hello travel safe
now hell yeah
special Health
[Applause]
Care well that was quite excellent
that's not my
horse that's not my horse
is that other person
here he
yeah had to shoot at some kids picking
through the woodpile no
respect how it
is hung got my leg blown off would you
can I give you ass somewhere
nope I won't
see you
can't what you want you
okay do I look okay no you look
awful
awful look at me
useless I wasn't born to this I didn't
deserve this I used to be
gentl Jeremiah compson compson stead
good for you that's anything to boast
about they took everything from me who
did they and what did they take my whole
life a whole way of living a career I
stole a lot lot of things but that's
quite a lot to steal look at me here
living in the [__] in the mud I'm
sorry my old
house house my grandfather
built all delapidated and
destroyed repossessed by the bank I'm
sorry to hear that I was supposed to
live a different life hi me too if only
I could get my old things back personal
momentos
watch old
pistol my ledger where's this house
again comson
stead north of scarlet
Meadows Banks as I can't go near it I'm
living rough over by Aris field well if
I'm ever out that way I'll see what I
can do
time time is
hell and
that's oh that's not
far not far at
all hor
yeah we're got to [__] the
bank you and me we understand each other
go there okay let's try the horse
thing yeah okay now it's now it's
driving itself
seems that way
anyway yeah that's
yeah not really taking the paths
though just kind of going wherever he
feels like
it oh stop
it like I prefer it manually easy boy
okay app I'm sorry for for it forward
tough forward tough forward tough
forward
tough come on you got this you got
this
yes [__] that rabbit in
particular come
on hold hold on no no shh
boy hey who goes there you ain't no
Raider you ain't welcome here get
lost that's right you're a good
boy how do you do
all right go for
it that's we got some work to do we're
going to make
you you okay
boy now come on
hey
partner hey
partner That's my
boy big
horse yeah
[Music]
Arya saw the
timeline yeah yeah you're all right
there
boy easy there
eh
by order of Judge Meredith Holden in the
courts of the state of Le Moy we do
hereby Grant repossession of this
property and all items here into the
bank of Roads M Holden judge Holden
Henrietta Blackley clerk November 18th
who's making that racket
vedure watch pistol
[Music]
thanks indeed for your talk to our
Sunday school class thought you might
like this drawing Young Josh did of you
he wants to grow up to be just like you
Sam wait could I take
that
[Music]
no June 7th
1855 dear sir please accept this
likeness of your family as a small token
of appreciation for your assistance in
the recovery of my property like your
old Paul you're a cunning old dog and a
credit to this community here's Colonel
Joshua Nixon the Ascension
Plantation Nixon
[Music]
April 2nd 1870 Dear Mr compson I'm
afraid there's no more work for you down
here at the plantation I'm grateful for
the help you've given us and the help
your papy and your papy's papy gave us
before you these are trying times for
all of us you are in our thoughts and
prayers here's truly Colonel Jade Nixon
the Ascension Plantation
that's the old
watch now the lger and the pistol
[Music]
dear Jeremiah there ain't nothing here
any value I wouldn't give you a nickel
for it come by for a sub of whiskey
anytime Bill yes I was sorry to hear a
BET's
passing things is easier up there for
sure
[Music]
okay where is all this old
crap didn't I just go over
there okay
[Music]
PA God damn
it told you to stay away from the boy he
don't want this heck none of us want
nothing to do with you
r h trapo
Huh huh what you doing here we found
this place first yeah easy I'm just
looking around for some
things that old revolver yours
bers
Keepers a son of a
[__] oh God damn it come on then where
are you
going come on it's
ours say
something how you back
all right
[Music]
well that'll be the
pistol you
think just the Ledger now
[Music]
ver didn't even have
anything Dear Mr compson after numerous
complaints from customers and fellow
employees Alik we must terminate your
employment there's just no place for a
man like you at the central Union
railroad
[Music]
company they're not explaining what for
[__] this your Ledger a list of slaves
ah Rewards January 15th Betsy $17
January 18th Louise $12 May 18th Wilfred
$18 May 24th mini and child
$20 sweaty catches slaves that run
away we're dead anyway I don't know
well that's that I was somewhere near
roads when they caught me till the day I
die I ain't going to forget the sound of
that dog barking in my heels but I don't
suppose that day going to be far off yet
it was 50 lashes yesterday and 50 more
to come I don't think I can take anymore
man said he was doing his job funny kind
of employment if you ask me but I
suppose you ain't that'ss so that's it
for now I do hope I live to see the end
of this war and Justice went
out June
God not has sor
oh
okay where is he at
wait we're not going back to
roads oh wait I guess he said to meet
him there
okay there
boy there
boy good boy
easy they forgot about
us just when they needed us they threw
us away like like [__] on their boot oh
man oh
man you show some
respect I was respected once I had a
profession you asked me to get you
something there's no bringing back what
I want I want my job my pride the
respect accorded to a gentleman what
about this old crap
huh I think don't you understand those
bastards they changed everything I was a
good worker I took pride in my work they
they they took it away pissed on my
legacy oh man some jobs ain't for saving
and some legacies oh they are pissing
what are you doing that's that's my
history
damn
you damn
you I still exist
[Music]
how do I recharge
this but
anyway so I'm not reading this wrong now
it's just this guy is just a slave owner
it's not really more complicated than
that
there's
nothing nothing to lose from
this he doesn't give a
[__] don't gave me high honor for
that it just gave me high honor for that
that's awes that's great that's great
all
right oh what's the sound for
huh hold that
nice
dude stay
up it's okay
[Music]
girl hores Arthur Morgan T
$2 and cheering tobacco and open frine
Brandy and salted
beef it won't even let me pick up the
body it doesn't like count as an object
anymore
there's my
[Music]
boy got
you
oh okay
time to go boy they use that bird sound
in Legend of Zelda in breath of the wild
I recognize
it anyway that takes care of
that the horse
V all right let's go back
here we get back here and I'll in stream
I
think but there that was satisfying
[Music]
they need to have better like body
dismemberment physics
though easy
[Music]
boy your hands go steady easy fell what
cargo you bringing through here easy
there there we're trying to supplies to
the
federal federal Ain't Got No Authority
here we'll be taking them Goods for the
citizens of L Mo you Fells are crazier
than you look crazy paying tax for land
rubbers up
north get out I clear these Goods the
property of the citizens of Le let's
move oh well yeah
[Music]
po easy
now hey there fella hello
that's
[Music]
it hey you're a good
boy you okay boy
hey
partner hello
[Music]
yeah how you doing boy
okay so up now the
gamer boy
my horse hey who's
there Arthur you dumbass good to see you
back
Arthur why is he yelling
relax can you l a rabbit I don't know
but you can certainly run over
them come on you misery guts all of you
what's wrong with you cheer up ain't
dead yeah cheer up Bill R Williamson
what is wrong with you nothing
there well I mean
well
nothing cheer
up it's a beautiful night we're set by
fire we're
alive for now for now yeah I know death
despair disaster all around us but you
know
who cares they ain't
here
come sing us a song
somebody somebody sing us a
song
please I can't take much more of this
misery some body
s
okay
that's uh that's stre today I
think
batt
true very
true okay
[Music]
all right thankks for video games guys
than for being a horse or
something bye eat your
vegetables turn into a small crab on the
weekend so thanks
for thanks for video games
bye bye